uniq: move help strings to markdown file (#4681)
uutils/coreutils: src/uu/uniq/uniq.md

# uniq

```
uniq [OPTION]... [INPUT [OUTPUT]]...
```

Report or omit repeated lines.

## After help

Filter adjacent matching lines from `INPUT` (or standard input),
writing to `OUTPUT` (or standard output).

> Note: 'uniq' does not detect repeated lines unless they are adjacent.
> You may want to sort the input first, or use 'sort -u' without 'uniq'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `uniq` does not detect repeated lines unless they are adjacent.
You may want to sort the input first, or use `sort -u` without `uniq`.
```

One small suggestion, but looks good!

Author: But the help message in command line might looks like the following with ` removed:

```diff
-Note: 'uniq' does not detect repeated lines unless they are adjacent.
-You may want to sort the input first, or use 'sort -u' without 'uniq'.
+Note: uniq does not detect repeated lines unless they are adjacent.
+You may want to sort the input first, or use sort -u without uniq.
```
